docs: Update release notes for tracker (#103)
dhis2/dhis2-releases: releases/2.40/README.md

# 2.40 Upgrade Notes

## Update Dashboard
- From 2.40 when updating a `Dashboard`, user is required to have `METADATA_WRITE` permission to the `Dashboard` itself and `METADATA_READ` permission to all referenced objects in all `DashboardItems`. The Administrator can use function [Cascade sharing](https://docs.dhis2.org/en/use/user-guides/dhis-core-version-master/analysing-data/dashboards.html#cascade-sharing-of-visualizations-on-the-dashboard) in order to grant required sharing permissions when needed.
- From 2.40 there is new column in Analytics tables(ounamehierarchy). New export of analytics tables is required.

## API

> * **Old tracker APIs deprecated:** In previous release old tracker API endpoints were deprecated. (see [deprecated-features](https://github.com/dhis2/dhis2-releases/blob/master/releases/deprecated-features.md) ). We encourage developers of apps and extensions do transition over to move away from old endpoints. Deprecated API endpoints are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Old tracker APIs deprecated:** In the previous release, the old tracker API endpoints were deprecated. (see [deprecated-features](https://github.com/dhis2/dhis2-releases/blob/master/releases/deprecated-features.md) ). We encourage developers of apps and extensions transition and move away from the old endpoints. The deprecated API endpoints are:
```

> * **Old tracker APIs deprecated:** In previous release old tracker API endpoints were deprecated. (see [deprecated-features](https://github.com/dhis2/dhis2-releases/blob/master/releases/deprecated-features.md) ). We encourage developers of apps and extensions do transition over to move away from old endpoints. Deprecated API endpoints are:

Reviewer 2: > **Old tracker APIs deprecated:** In previous release old tracker API endpoints were deprecated.

Did we miss adding this note in the last release? Or is it just a reminder?

I would replace `In previous release` with the exact version they were deprecated 😄

   ```
   - /api/trackedEntityInstances
   - /api/enrollments
   - /api/events

>    - /api/relationships

Reviewer 2: Are these all the old tracker endpoints? I wonder if there are some that exist in old tracker but were just not implemented in new tracker 🤔

   ```

>    This endpoint should be used instead:

Reviewer 2: Use [tracker endpoints](https://docs.dhis2.org/en/develop/using-the-api/dhis-core-version-240/tracker.html) instead.
```suggestion
   This endpoint should be used instead:
```

as you list endpoint**s** but then say use endpoint (singular) instead.

   ```
   - /api/tracker/
   ```
   [Docs tracker endpoint](https://docs.dhis2.org/en/develop/using-the-api/dhis-core-version-240/tracker.html) | [Docs old tracker endpoints](https://docs.dhis2.org/en/develop/using-the-api/dhis-core-version-240/old-tracker.html)

> * **Removed status field in bundleReport:** Import summaries have the following overall structure [defined here](https://docs.dhis2.org/en/develop/using-the-api/dhis-core-version-240/tracker.html#import-summary-structure). Status field in `bundleReport` property was redundant, hence it was removed. `Status` field in the root of the import summary should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Removed the status field in bundleReport:** Import summaries have the following overall structure [defined here](https://docs.dhis2.org/en/develop/using-the-api/dhis-core-version-240/tracker.html#import-summary-structure). The status field in `bundleReport` property was redundant and hence it was removed. The `Status` field in the root of the import summary should be used instead.
```
